Update binder.md (#4218)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/communication/binder.md

```{figure} ../figures/binder-comic.*
---
name: binder_comic
alt: Illustration showing the steps Jane takes to make her computational research reproducible using Jupyter Notebooks and Binder.

> Step 1: Jane, seated at her computer, writes a paper based on her experiments. She describes her work in a Jupyter Notebook, combining prose, code, visualisations, and additional resources (e.g., source code, data, media). She wants others to be able to reproduce, check, and improve her calculations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 1: Jane, seated at her computer, writes a paper based on her experiments. She describes her work in a Jupyter Notebook, combining prose, code, visualisations, and additional resources (for example, source code, data, media). She wants others to be able to reproduce, check, and improve her calculations.
```

> Step 2: She publishes her notebook and resources to a public repository (e.g., GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2: She publishes her notebook and resources to a public repository (for example, GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket).
```
